# Quadcopter_stm32_PID
Quadcopter flight controller project based on stm32f103C8T6.The goal of this project is to understand the principles of  PID controllers.
# Abstract
This research is the discussion and research of PID controller. Through the realization of the controller on the quadcopter, the actual influence and function of each parameter are observed, so as to be more familiar with the operation mode and principle of PID.  
&nbsp ;The PID controller is a controller that is often used in the industry, mainly used to correct the error between the reference value or the ideal value. Discuss the operating principle of this controller and implement this controller on a quadcopter.  
  A quadcopter is an aircraft with four sets of rotors. It is easy to control, can fly in a variety of postures, and can hover flexibly in the air. Although this kind of aircraft cannot have extremely high load capacity at present, it has many applications in real life. Like a common shooting in life, you can shoot angles and perspectives that people can't shoot. With a camera lens, you can enjoy the feeling of flying in the air. It is also often used in agriculture, mainly for spraying pesticides and observing the growth status of various crops.  
  This university topic will describe the required research theories and principles, such as: PID controller theory and principles, and through additional program assistance, in order to better understand the theories and principles of various algorithms, and will see that these theories are used in in this topic. After that, I will describe the content and research process of this special research, and then show the results of the special research and list the problems and solutions encountered on the way. Considering the future of this special topic, I will continue to update the design of this special topic so that this topic can be become a more perfect topic.  
  This topic uses the ARM controller to make a quadcopter. After setting the GPIO through STM32CubeMX, use Keil to plan the program and realize the Quadcopter, and use OrCAD and Allegro to design the PCB board to integrate the circuit of this topic, and produce a set of flight controller.  
  After the training of this topic, you can not only learn to write and plan code, but also design a set of products by yourself. Through one-stop special production and implementation, you will gain the ability to discover and solve problems. You can also use this special study to communicate with teachers, solve problems encountered, and gain more experience and methods.  
